[Music]
this is the Oasis
it's a place where the limits of reality
are your own imagination
people come to the Oasis for all the
things they can do but they stay because
of all the things they can be
[Music]
I'm here talking to all of you now
because our future is being threatened I
[Music]
just came here to escape but I found
something much bigger than myself
I found my friends
[Music]
people have lost their lives
this is war we're controlling the kids
fine
welcome to the rebellion wait
you don't tell anyone who you are you
can't use your real name
hold on to something this isn't just a
game
to life-and-death stuff
[Music]
are you willing to fight
my name is Wade watts my dad picked that
name because it sounded like a
superhero's alter-ego like Peter Parker
or Bruce Banner but he died when I was a
kid my mom too and I ended up here
sitting here my tiny corner of nowhere
there's nowhere left to go nowhere
[Music]
except the Oasis
a whole virtual universe
[Music]
people come to the Oasis for all the
things they can do
[Music]
they stay because all the things they
can be can you feel this yeah the only
place that feels like I mean anything
the Oasis was the brainchild of James
Halliday hello if you're watching this
I'm dead
I created a hidden object an easter egg
the first person to find the egg will
inherit half a trillion dollars and
total control of the Oasis itself
who is this possible and how the hell is
he winning find him this is just a game
I'm talking about absolute
life-and-death stuff the Oasis the
world's most important economic resource
it's nothing less than a war for control
of the future
welcome to the rebellion wait
[Music]
I only came here to escape
but I found something much bigger than
just myself
are you willing to fight
helped us save the oasis
[Music]